refactor: ♻️ review of Git and GitHub section (#138)
rostools/github-intro: includes/_github-basics.qmd

the internet) and more flexible (you can do more things with Git on your
computer than on GitHub). Then you can use GitHub as a place to keep
backups of your repository, to track tasks, and to make use of the other
features GitHub has. How you would use Git locally with GitHub would
look something like the figure below.

```{mermaid}
%%| label: fig-git-sync-github
%%| fig-cap: "How Git and GitHub can work together by synchronising changes between GitHub and your computer."
%%| fig-alt: "A diagram showing two boxes, one of a Git repository on your computer and another of a Git repository on GitHub, along with an arrow between each box showing them synchronise between both."
graph
  github(Git repository<br>on GitHub) <-- Sync --> git(Git repository<br>on your computer)
```

> Using GitHub only is a great way to get started with Git. It allows you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using GitHub on its own is a great way to get started with Git. It allows you
```
